:bug: ROSA: Add instructions to activate a newly created service account (#5358)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-aws: docs/book/src/topics/rosa/creating-a-cluster.md

CAPA controller requires service account credentials to be able to provision ROSA clusters:

> 1. Visit [https://console.redhat.com/iam/service-accounts](https://console.redhat.com/iam/service-accounts) and create a new service account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Visit [https://console.redhat.com/iam/service-accounts](https://console.redhat.com/iam/service-accounts) and create a service account. If you already have service account skip this step. 
```

Author: Fixed.

> 1. For every newly created service account, make sure to activate the account using the [ROSA command line tool](https://github.com/openshift/rosa). First, log in using your newly created service account

Reviewer: better to be a sub item or note for the previous step.

Author: Fixed.
